# **Carousel Viz ver 1.1.2**

Daniel Spavin (daniel@spavin.net)

### Version Support
8.1, 8.0, 7.3, 7.2

## **Who is this app for?**
This app is for anyone who wants to display several metrics on a small area of a dashboard.

## **How does the app work?**
This app provides a visualization that you can use in your own apps and dashboards.

To use it in your dashboards, simply install the app, and create a search that provides the values you want to display.

## **Usecases for the Departures Board Visualization**
- Displaying current server metrics like CPU, Memory, I/O, and Disk usage
- Scrolling through a list of sales by category or date
- Showing related application metrics in a discreet dashboard panel
- Rotating through all open Priority 1 ticket numbers


## **The following fields can be used in the search**
- value (required): If you don't define a field called value, the first field will be used to display the value text.
- unit (optional): You can define a unit for the value, e.g. '$' or '%'. A value in the unit field will override the default unit configured in settings.
- caption (optional): A caption to display for this value. If you define a caption field, it will override the default caption configured in settings.
- range (optional): This is usually generated by the rangemap command. It is used to set the color for the slide.

## **Example Search**
```
| makeresults count=5 
| streamstats count as id
| eval value=case(id==1,42.4, id==2,74, id==3,"2", id==4,"55",id==5,"622") 
| eval unit=case(id==1,"%", id==2,"MB", id==3,"%", id==4,"Mbps",id==5,"Users") 
| eval caption=case(id==1,"CPU Use", id==2,"Free Memory", id==3,"Free Disk Space", id==4,"Network Use",id==5,"Active Users") 
| eval range=case(id==1,"low", id==2,"elevated", id==3,"severe", id==4,"low",id==5,"low") 
| table value, unit, caption, range
```

### **Tokens**
Tokens are generated eacht time you click a slide. This can be useful if you want to populate another panel on the dashboard with a custom search, or link to a new dashboard with the tokens carying across.
- Formatted Value: This is the 'value' field, that has undergone any formatting changes from the options, e.g. all-caps for text or decimal places and commas for numbers. Use this token to display to the user. Default value: $cv_formatted_value$
- Raw Value: This is the value as it was defined in the search results. Use this token in searches for exact matches of the raw data. Default value: $cv_raw_value$
- Caption: This is the 'caption' field. If you use the hostname of a server as the caption, you can create additional searches by using this value. Default value: $cv_caption$
- Unit: This is the 'unit' field, or the default value for unit. Use this token to help users make sense of the Formatted Value token. Default value: $cv_unit$


### **Limits**
- The visualization is bound by the follwoing limits:
- Total results: 1000

## **Release Notes**
#### v 1.1.2
- Minor change to pass AppInspect checks

#### v 1.1.0
- Added ability to create tokens on click
- Updated dashboard to show example token usage
- Made value text fit better on fixed-size slides

#### v 1.0.0
- Initial version

### Issues and Limitations
- Internet Explorer 11 and Microsoft Edge - Vertical orientation with fixed-sized slides can cause display issues. To workaround this, set the size to Automatic.
- Vertical orientation only scrolls in one direction. Setting left-to-right or right-to-left does not affect the direction.
- 'Show dots' option is ignored for vertical orientation.
- If you have a bug report or feature request, please contact daniel@spavin.net

### Privacy and Legal
No personally identifiable information is logged or obtained in any way through this visualizaton.

### For support
Send email to daniel@spavin.net

Support is not guaranteed and will be provided on a best effort basis.

#### Slick
This visualization uses Slick by Ken Wheeler.