# **Departures-board viz**

## What does the app do?
The Departures Board Viz is a single value animated visualization in the style of airport departure boards. Drop it into your own dashboards to display places, users, timestamps or any other important information in an eye catching and fun way

## Who is this app for?
- This app is for anyone who wants a single-value panel display for both text and numerical search results.


## How does the app work?
- This app provides a visualization that you can use in your own apps and dashboards.
- To use it in your dashboards, simply install the app, and create a search that provides the following fields: _time, name, value, status


## Usecases for the Performance Analysis Visualization:
1. Displaying current server names, locations, or user names
2. Flipping between a list of items
3. Displaying numbers or time fields - eg incident ticket numbers, timestamps for events


### The following fields can be used in the search:
- (field 1): required: The first field will be used to display text on the visualization.
- (field 2): optional: An ID associated to the text. Will be used for the ID token each time the visualization changes.
- (remaining fields): optional: all remaining fields will be ingnored.


### Example Search
```
| makeresults count=10 
| streamstats count as id 
| eval text=case(id==1,"Canberra",id==2,"Wellington",id==3,"Washington",id==4,"London",id==5,"Tokyo",id==6,"Ottawa",id==7,"New Delhi",id==8,"Beijing",id==9,"Paris",id==10,"Berlin") 
| table text, id
```
A sample data set is included with the app:

`| inputlookup departures-board-cities-lookup.csv`

## Tokens
Two tokens are generated by the visualization - one for the text which is displayed, and one for an associated id field. By default the tokens are called:

- dbv_term: The currently displayed value
- dbv_id: An ID field to assist further searches

Token names are customizable.

## Limits
The visualization is bound by the follwoing limits:
- Total results: 100
- Total characters: 50
- Auto Refresh duration: 1s to 999s (anything outside these bounds will cause it to default to 5s)

## Version Support
8.2.x, 8.1.x, 8.0.x, 7.2, 7.1, 7.0, 6.6, 6.5, 6.4, 6.3, 6.2, 6.1, 6.0

### Possible Issues
- No issues have been raised. If you have a bug report, please contact daniel@spavin.net


## Privacy and Legal
- No  personally identifiable information is logged or obtained in any way through this visualizaton.


# For support #
- Send email to daniel@spavin.net
- Support is not guaranteed and will be provided on a best effort basis.