# **Animated Chart Visualization**

- Version: 1.0.0
- Created by Daniel Spavin (daniel@spavin.net)
- Pictorial Chart Viz - v1.0.0
- Version Support: 8.1, 8.0, 7.3, 7.2

## **Who is this app for?** 
This app is for dashboard designers who want to view trends in metrics over time.

This app gives you a new way to visualize your data, allowing you to better communicate information in dashboards and reports. After installing this app you will see Animated Chart Viz as an additional item in the visualization picker in Search and Dashboards.

The Animated Chart Viz provides a bar, line, area, pie, and doughnut chart for use with the timechart command. Each style of chart breaks the timeseries data into time slices, and shows one at a time. By animating the different time periods you can show the trend of metrics across a custom time period.

You can use the Animated Chart Viz to provide information in a dashboard panel or report.


## **How does the app work?**
This app provides a visualization that you can use in your own apps and dashboards.

To use it in your dashboards, simply install the app, and create a search using timechart to provide the values to display.

Usecases for the Animated Chart Visualization:
- Displaying server status based on CPU, Memory, I/O, or Disk usage over time
- Showing customer satisfaction ratings over time
- Viewing a single metric by host over time


## **Supported Fields**
Animated Charts Viz is designed to use the output from | timechart. Use the following fields in the search:

- `_time` (required) The time period for the event. If no time value is supplied, the first field is used for the slices.
- `<category 1>` (required) The name for the value, e.g host, and the actual value.
- `<category 2>` (optional) The name for the value, e.g host, and the actual value.
- `<category 3>` (optional) The name for the value, e.g host, and the actual value.


## **Example Search**
```
index=_internal earliest=-24h@h latest=now
| timechart span=15m count by sourcetype
```

## **Tokens**
Tokens are generated each time you click an item. This can be useful if you want to populate another panel on the dashboard with a custom search, or link to a new dashboard with the tokens carying across.

| ***Name*** | This is the name of the selected item. | Default value: `$ac_name_token$` |
| ***Value*** | This is the value of the selected item you clicked. | Default value: `$ac_value_token$` |
| ***Time Slice*** | This is the current time slice of the visualisation. | Default value: `$ac_time_token$` |


## **Release Notes**
v 1.0.0<br>
Initial Version

### Issues and Limitations
To reduce the impact to browser resources there is a limit of 100 time slices (rows of results). You can reduce how many rows are generated by increasing the span of the | timechart command. E.g. | timechart span=1h for 1 hour increments. Any rows after the 100th are ignored.
Tokens like $click.value$ are not supported, use the tokens in the options popup instead (defaults: $ac_name_token$, $ac_value_token$, $ac_time_token$). Otherwise, drilldowns work as normal.
If you have a bug report or feature request, please contact daniel@spavin.net

### Privacy and Legal
No personally identifiable information is logged or obtained in any way through this visualizaton.

### For support
Send email to daniel@spavin.net

Support is not guaranteed and will be provided on a best effort basis.

### 3rd Party Libraries
https://echarts.apache.org